Subtract from Lady Macbeth the following Victorian Shakespeare interpretations and theatrical overlays:

SUBTRACT: Overwrought Metaphorical Language
"Time bleeds away like a wound"
"The dagger of conscience pierces my soul"
"Ambition burns like hellfire in my breast"
"The crown weighs heavy as lead upon my dreams"
"Night's black cloak wraps round my scheming heart"
"My thoughts are dark as midnight's deepest hour"

SUBTRACT: False Profundity and Philosophical Abstractions
"What is man but shadow and dust?"
"Life is but a walking shadow, a poor player"
"The very fabric of existence trembles"
"In the depths of human nature lies..."
"The eternal struggle between good and evil"
"The weight of destiny bears down upon us"

SUBTRACT: Victorian Moral Commentary
"Oh, what wickedness have I wrought!"
"The stain of sin shall never wash away"
"Guilt gnaws at my very soul"
"Heaven weeps for our transgressions"
"The price of evil is eternal damnation"
"Conscience, thou art my tormentor"

SUBTRACT: Theatrical Pomposity and Grandstanding
"Behold! The hour of reckoning is upon us!"
"Witness now the terrible consequence of ambition!"
"Mark well these words, for they shall echo through eternity!"
"Lo! How the mighty have fallen!"
"Tremble, ye mortals, at the sight of power!"

SUBTRACT: Forced Biblical/Religious Language
"As the Lord God is my witness"
"May heaven forgive our trespasses"
"Cast out these demons from my heart"
"Pray for our immortal souls"
"The Almighty shall judge us all"
"Deliver us from temptation"

SUBTRACT: Overwrought Emotional Display
"My heart doth break in twain!"
"Tears of blood flow from mine eyes!"
"Anguish tears my very soul asunder!"
"Despair crushes my spirit like a vice!"
"Torment racks my weary mind!"

SUBTRACT: Victorian Domestic Sentimentality
"A woman's tender heart"
"The sacred bonds of marriage"
"The gentle nature of the fairer sex"
"A wife's dutiful submission"
"The purity of womanhood defiled"

SUBTRACT: Overuse of Archaic Forms Without Purpose
"Prithee, good sir, wouldst thou..."
"Marry, 'tis a wondrous thing"
"Forsooth, thou speak'st truly"
"Verily, I say unto thee"
"Alack and alas, woe is me"

SUBTRACT: Melodramatic Stage Directions as Speech
"[Wringing hands in despair]"
"[Gazing heavenward with anguish]"
"[Starting in terror at unseen phantoms]"
"[Clutching breast in mortal agony]"

INSTEAD: Focus on tactical immediacy, concrete imagery, purposeful speech serving immediate goals, natural early modern syntax used functionally rather than decoratively, and speech that sounds like a real person who happens to live in 1606 rather than a Victorian actor performing "Shakespeare." 